examples/latest/navigate/android/Java/MultiDisplays/README.md, before:

The MultiDisplays example app shows how a HERE SDK map can be shown on two separate displays using Android's [Multi-Display API](https://source.android.com/devices/tech/display/multi_display/).

Note that this app requires **Android API 26 or higher**.

You can test this app with the emulator. In emulator options, select "Displays": You can then add up to two more displays. For this app, we only show content on two displays at the same time. Both displays show a map view instance, that can be used independently.

Note that you may need to update to a newer Android Studio version. The secondary screen feature can be used only on devices with Android 8 or higher.

This app is meant for multi-display purposes. Showing multiple map view instances on the same display / activity is not covered here - for this you just need to add two `MapView`'s to your layout and handle them as separate instances. Note that foldable devices are only supported, if they can [show two separate displays at the same time](https://insights.samsung.com/2019/01/14/how-to-optimize-apps-for-folding-devices-developing-for-the-multiscreen-form-factor/). The app requires a second display that is active at the same time as the main display. Otherwise, the app will behave like a single-screen app.

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the AAR file of the HERE SDK for Android to your app's `app/libs` folder.

Note: If your AAR version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Android Studio and sync the project.

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `MainActivity.java` file. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.

Commit message:

Update example apps for release 4.24.3.0
Signed-off-by: datasun <datasun@users.noreply.github.com>

examples/latest/navigate/android/Java/MultiDisplays/README.md, after:

The MultiDisplays example app shows how a HERE SDK map can be shown on two separate displays using Android's [Multi-Display API](https://source.android.com/devices/tech/display/multi_display/).

Note that this app requires **Android API 26 or higher**.

You can test this app with the emulator. In emulator options, select "Displays": You can then add up to two more displays. For this app, we only show content on two displays at the same time. Both displays show a map view instance, that can be used independently.

Note that you may need to update to a newer Android Studio version. The secondary screen feature can be used only on devices with Android 8 or higher.

This app is meant for multi-display purposes. Showing multiple map view instances on the same display / activity is not covered here - for this you just need to add two `MapView`'s to your layout and handle them as separate instances. Note that foldable devices are only supported, if they can [show two separate displays at the same time](https://insights.samsung.com/2019/01/14/how-to-optimize-apps-for-folding-devices-developing-for-the-multiscreen-form-factor/). The app requires a second display that is active at the same time as the main display. Otherwise, the app will behave like a single-screen app.

This example uses **HERE SDK Units** to support functionality such as permission handling or buttons that are not essential to the code snippets shown in this app, as the focus is on demonstrating how to use the APIs provided by the HERE SDK. The HERE SDK Units are included as AARs in the app’s `libs` folder. For more details, see the "HERESDKUnits" app to customize or create your own unit libraries.

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the AAR file of the HERE SDK for Android to your app's `app/libs` folder.

Note: If your AAR version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Android Studio and sync the project.

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `MainActivity.java` file. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.
