CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Introduction

The team behind the [HERE SDK](https://github.com/heremaps/here-sdk-examples) gratefully accepts contributions via
[pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) filed against the
[GitHub project](https://github.com/heremaps/here-sdk-examples/pulls).

# Signing each Commit

As part of filing a pull request we ask you to sign off the
[Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/) (DCO) in each commit.
Any Pull Request with commits that are not signed off will be rejected by the
[DCO check](https://probot.github.io/apps/dco/).

A DCO is lightweight way for a contributor to confirm that they wrote or otherwise have the right
to submit code or documentation to a project. Simply add `Signed-off-by` as shown in the example below
to indicate that you agree with the DCO.

An example signed commit message:

```
    README.md: Fix minor spelling mistake

    Signed-off-by: John Doe <john.doe@example.com>
```

Git has the `-s` flag that can sign a commit for you, see example below:

`$ git commit -s -m 'README.md: Fix minor spelling mistake'`

Commit message:

CONTRIBUTING.md: JDK version and Java Home
Signed-off-by: abhiditi <36740540+abhiditi@users.noreply.github.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Introduction

The team behind the [HERE SDK](https://github.com/heremaps/here-sdk-examples) gratefully accepts contributions via
[pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) filed against the
[GitHub project](https://github.com/heremaps/here-sdk-examples/pulls).

# Signing each Commit

- Java JDK must be installed (if not already done).
- Minimum JDK version is Java 8.
- Specify the JAVA_HOME in your env variables.

As part of filing a pull request we ask you to sign off the
[Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/) (DCO) in each commit.
Any Pull Request with commits that are not signed off will be rejected by the
[DCO check](https://probot.github.io/apps/dco/).

A DCO is lightweight way for a contributor to confirm that they wrote or otherwise have the right
to submit code or documentation to a project. Simply add `Signed-off-by` as shown in the example below
to indicate that you agree with the DCO.

An example signed commit message:

```
    README.md: Fix minor spelling mistake

    Signed-off-by: John Doe <john.doe@example.com>
```

Git has the `-s` flag that can sign a commit for you, see example below:

`$ git commit -s -m 'README.md: Fix minor spelling mistake'`
