examples/latest/navigate/ios/Navigation/README.md, before:

The Navigation example app shows how to calculate a route from A to B and how to start turn-by-turn navigation with voice commands. You can find how this is done in [NavigationExample.swift](Navigation/NavigationExample.swift). It also shows how to set a tracking view when navigation is stopped.

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the `heresdk.xcframework` folder (as found in the HERE SDK package) to your app's root folder.

Note: If your framework version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Xcode by double-clicking the `*.xcodeproj` file.

Note: In Xcode, open the _General_ settings of the _App target_ and make sure that the HERE SDK framework appears under _Embedded Binaries_. If it does not appear, add the `heresdk.framework` to the _Embedded Binaries_ section ("Add other..." -> "Create folder references").

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `NavigationApp.swift` file of your project. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.

Commit message:

Update example apps for release 4.24.4.0
Signed-off-by: kakumar <karmveer.kumar@here.com>

examples/latest/navigate/ios/Navigation/README.md, after:

The Navigation example app shows how to calculate a route from A to B and how to start turn-by-turn navigation with voice commands. You can find how this is done in [NavigationExample.swift](Navigation/NavigationExample.swift). It also shows how to set a tracking view when navigation is stopped.

In addition, this apps contains also an example of how to use the Electronic Horizon features provided by the HERE SDK. Note that ADASIS is not natively supported by the HERE SDK. Therefore, this example app shows how to use the Electronic Horizon features without a conversion to the ADASIS data format.

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the `heresdk.xcframework` folder (as found in the HERE SDK package) to your app's root folder.

Note: If your framework version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Xcode by double-clicking the `*.xcodeproj` file.

Note: In Xcode, open the _General_ settings of the _App target_ and make sure that the HERE SDK framework appears under _Embedded Binaries_. If it does not appear, add the `heresdk.framework` to the _Embedded Binaries_ section ("Add other..." -> "Create folder references").

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `NavigationApp.swift` file of your project. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.
