examples/latest/navigate/android/Java/TruckGuidance/README.md, before:

The _TruckGuidance_ example app shows how the HERE SDK can be used to calculate routes specific for trucks.
Additional features:

- Start simulated turn-by-turn-guidance with the possibility to switch to tracking mode.
- Calculated route is based on the truck specifications - violations are logged (if any).
- Show a simple UI building block to render the current truck speed limit in km/h.
- Show a simple UI building block to render the current car speed limit in km/h.
- Show a simple UI building block to render the current driving speed in km/h (simulated driving speed with two preconfigured speed factors).
- Show a simple UI building block to render the next truck restriction. Note that all restrictions are shown, regardless of current truck specs (can be adjusted in the code).
- Search along the route for truck amenities.
- Avoid routes that are not suitable for trucks.
- Shows how to pick Carto POIs to get information on POIs, traffic incidents and vehicle restrictions shown on the map.
- Shows how to use a global `TransportProfile`.
- Shows how to get `EnvironmentalZoneWarning` events.

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the AAR file of the HERE SDK for Android to your app's `app/libs` folder.

Note: If your AAR version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Android Studio and sync the project.

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `MainActivity.java` file. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.

Commit message:

Update example apps for release 4.24.3.0
Signed-off-by: datasun <datasun@users.noreply.github.com>

examples/latest/navigate/android/Java/TruckGuidance/README.md, after:

The _TruckGuidance_ example app shows how the HERE SDK can be used to calculate routes specific for trucks.
Additional features:

- Start simulated turn-by-turn-guidance with the possibility to switch to tracking mode.
- Calculated route is based on the truck specifications - violations are logged (if any).
- Show a simple UI building block to render the current truck speed limit in km/h.
- Show a simple UI building block to render the current car speed limit in km/h.
- Show a simple UI building block to render the current driving speed in km/h (simulated driving speed with two preconfigured speed factors).
- Show a simple UI building block to render the next truck restriction. Note that all restrictions are shown, regardless of current truck specs (can be adjusted in the code).
- Search along the route for truck amenities.
- Avoid routes that are not suitable for trucks.
- Shows how to pick Carto POIs to get information on POIs, traffic incidents and vehicle restrictions shown on the map.
- Shows how to use a global `TransportProfile`.
- Shows how to get `EnvironmentalZoneWarning` events.

This example uses **HERE SDK Units** to support functionality such as permission handling or buttons that are not essential to the code snippets shown in this app, as the focus is on demonstrating how to use the APIs provided by the HERE SDK. The HERE SDK Units are included as AARs in the app’s `libs` folder. For more details, see the "HERESDKUnits" app to customize or create your own unit libraries.

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the AAR file of the HERE SDK for Android to your app's `app/libs` folder.

Note: If your AAR version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Android Studio and sync the project.

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `MainActivity.java` file. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.
