examples/latest/navigate/android/Java/Rerouting/README.md, before:

The _Rerouting_ example app shows how the HERE SDK can be used to how to handle rerouting during guidance.

- Rerouting is done automatically using the return-to-route feature of the `RoutingEngine`.
- This app is meant for in-house testing and therefore it uses simulated location events.
- The location events are taken from a route that can be the same as the main route shown in blue. Or it can be an alternative route based on the original route with inserted stopover waypoints.
- The app also shows a maneuver panel with guidance instructions and with optional road shield icons.
- Road shield icons are shown as on the map view using the `IconProvider` API from HERE SDK.
- Note that for this example, the maneuver icons are loaded at app start from the HERE icon library.
- The app allows to toggle the simulation speed of the driver between 1 (default speed) and 8x faster.
- The app also shows how to reach an off-road destination with the `OffRoadProgressListener`.

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the AAR file of the HERE SDK for Android to your app's `app/libs` folder.

Note: If your AAR version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Android Studio and sync the project.

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `MainActivity.java` file. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.

Commit message:

Update example apps for release 4.24.3.0
Signed-off-by: datasun <datasun@users.noreply.github.com>

examples/latest/navigate/android/Java/Rerouting/README.md, after:

The _Rerouting_ example app shows how the HERE SDK can be used to how to handle rerouting during guidance.

- Rerouting is done automatically using the return-to-route feature of the `RoutingEngine`.
- This app is meant for in-house testing and therefore it uses simulated location events.
- The location events are taken from a route that can be the same as the main route shown in blue. Or it can be an alternative route based on the original route with inserted stopover waypoints.
- The app also shows a maneuver panel with guidance instructions and with optional road shield icons.
- Road shield icons are shown as on the map view using the `IconProvider` API from HERE SDK.
- Note that for this example, the maneuver icons are loaded at app start from the HERE icon library.
- The app allows to toggle the simulation speed of the driver between 1 (default speed) and 8x faster.
- The app also shows how to reach an off-road destination with the `OffRoadProgressListener`.

This example uses **HERE SDK Units** to support functionality such as permission handling or buttons that are not essential to the code snippets shown in this app, as the focus is on demonstrating how to use the APIs provided by the HERE SDK. The HERE SDK Units are included as AARs in the app’s `libs` folder. For more details, see the "HERESDKUnits" app to customize or create your own unit libraries.

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the AAR file of the HERE SDK for Android to your app's `app/libs` folder.

Note: If your AAR version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Android Studio and sync the project.

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `MainActivity.java` file. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.
