examples/latest/navigate/android/Java/MapFeatures/README.md, before:

The MapFeatures example app demonstrates how to load and switch between various map schemes, enable specialized map features allowing you to overlay extra content on the map, such as 3D landmarks, onto the map and toggle between Globe and Web Mercator map projections. You can find how this is done in [MapFeaturesExample.java](app/src/main/java/com/here/mapfeatures/MapFeaturesExample.java) and [MapSchemesExample.java](app/src/main/java/com/here/mapfeatures/MapSchemesExample.java).

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the AAR file of the HERE SDK for Android to your app's `app/libs` folder.

Note: If your AAR version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Android Studio and sync the project.

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `MainActivity.java` file. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.

Commit message:

Update example apps for release 4.23.5.0
Signed-off-by: kakumar <karmveer.kumar@here.com>

examples/latest/navigate/android/Java/MapFeatures/README.md, after:

The MapFeatures example app demonstrates how to load and switch between various map schemes, enable specialized map features allowing you to overlay extra content on the map, such as 3D landmarks, onto the map and toggle between Globe and Web Mercator map projections. You can find how this is done in [MapFeaturesExample.java](app/src/main/java/com/here/mapfeatures/MapFeaturesExample.java) and [MapSchemesExample.java](app/src/main/java/com/here/mapfeatures/MapSchemesExample.java).

This example uses HERSDK Units for core functionalities. You can find more information about the units in the HERESDKUnits app.

Build instructions:
-------------------

1) Copy the AAR file of the HERE SDK for Android to your app's `app/libs` folder.

Note: If your AAR version is different than the version shown in the _Developer Guide_, you may need to adapt the source code of the example app.

2) Open Android Studio and sync the project.

Please do not forget: To run the app, you need to add your HERE SDK credentials to the `MainActivity.java` file. More information can be found in the _Get Started_ section of the _Developer Guide_.
